Fix typos in README (#101)
solid/solidos: README.md

- 📜 [License](#-License)
- 🎤 [Feedback and questions](#-Feedback-and-questions)

> For experimenting with SolidOS implementations, try SolidOS on a [
> ](https://test-pod.solidcommunity.net:8443/) (user and password: `test-pod`) or --
> - take a pod on https://solidcommunity.net or [another provider](https://solidproject.org/users/get-a-pod#get-a-pod-from-a-pod-provider)
> - check out the [SolidOS WebApp](https://solid.github.io/mashlib/dist/browse.html)
> - use as a stand-alone desktop app with [Data-Kitchen](https://github.com/solid/data-kitchen)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For experimenting with SolidOS implementations, try SolidOS on a 
[test-pod](https://test-pod.solidcommunity.net:8443/) (user and 
password: `test-pod`) or —
- take a pod on https://solidcommunity.net or 
  [another provider](https://solidproject.org/users/get-a-pod#get-a-pod-from-a-pod-provider)
- check out the [SolidOS WebApp](https://solid.github.io/mashlib/dist/browse.html)
- use as a stand-alone desktop app with [Data-Kitchen](https://github.com/solid/data-kitchen)
```

#### Deployment on solidcommunity.net server

> Before you start, make sure you have access to all the GitHub repos and all the npm packages. Using Ubuntu or alike, ssh into server as root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you start, make sure you have access to all the GitHub repos and all the `npm` packages. Using Ubuntu or other Unix-like OS, `ssh` into the server as `root`.
```

- for learning about Solid read [about Solid](https://github.com/solid/solid) and visit [solidproject.org](https://solidproject.org);
- to try out Solid head over to [getting started with Solid](https://solidproject.org/developers/tutorials/getting-started);
- for how SolidOS works [visit the user guide](https://github.com/solid/userguide) and the [SolidOS project Pod](https://solidos.solidcommunity.net/);
- for the SolidOS stand-alone desktop app, visit [Data-Kitchen](https://github.com/solid/data-kitchen);
- for how the community works, go over to [Solid process](https://github.com/solid/process);

> - chat with others about Solid on the [forum](https://forum.solidproject.org/) and on [instant chats](https://gitter.im/solid/home);

Reviewer: - to learn about Solid, read [about Solid](https://github.com/solid/solid) and visit [solidproject.org](https://solidproject.org)
- to try out Solid, head over to [getting started with Solid](https://solidproject.org/developers/tutorials/getting-started)
- to learn how SolidOS works, [visit the user guide](https://github.com/solid/userguide) and the [SolidOS project Pod](https://solidos.solidcommunity.net/)
- to try the SolidOS stand-alone desktop app, visit [Data-Kitchen](https://github.com/solid/data-kitchen)
- to learn how the community works, go over to [Solid process](https://github.com/solid/process)
- to chat with others about Solid, use the [forum](https://forum.solidproject.org/) or [instant chats](https://gitter.im/solid/home)
